hello everyone and welcome to the channel
techno 01net you know we like it
the automobile when married with the
itech 1 and today we are going
show the best of the best with a car
which is available yet that
in the united states is the tesla model
is there then jérôme it's incredible
hamon we can say it's the car
the most high tech in the world so full
the first sight is a 100% vehicle
electric with all the same
extraordinary performances but
especially inside it is happiness
for geeks there frankly this is the
paradise of the dic with screens everywhere
a screen instead of the counters already
looked at this is the class
a giant screen also in the center center
who will serve on the ground blade for the
navigation for recreation for surfing
on the internet etc
here we can exactly do a lot of
things with and well david nogueira our
high tech auto specialist on the chain
techno 01net the test and they we
say they think of it listen to it
actually I tested the tesla model
so what is it all
simply the best sedan 100%
electric so why the best
simply already because she has a
huge battery at 700 kg of battery
integrated into the floor that him
provide autonomy that has been
regularly measured over 400 km
and then that's just a performance
pretty amazing is even more
incredible in its most
powerful
the manufacturer announces an acceleration
from 0 to 100 km time in just four
seconds 4 and then there is what
really comb a porsche to the posts
so first of all necessarily outside
this car is slow but just full
the eyes with a lot of small
subtleties both racy and then also
very discreet
because I liked the side for the
mechanical part is this suspension
pneumatic which offers comfort
exceptional because we can adjust the
body height which will allow
to amortize more or less the vagaries of the
road and then the little geek touch that
are these door handles that
outcrop of the bodywork that
as soon as it comes unlocks
car other menus very interesting
even essential on this vehicle
electric the management part of
the autonomy on which we will find
a small graph that will tell you if
yes or no you have adopted the right
driving to successfully achieve his
400 km of autonomy
inside it's downright
festival inevitably we are caught by you
see this huge touch screen of 17
inches still 43 cm diagonal
it's huge and it's from this screen
that we will pilot all the functions of
the car
on the side of the accessible functions
found on the top of the screen all
the entries related to the multimedia part
these cases for example so music
necessarily the tesla model s a model
premium prestige
it must say that mp3 especially
from a usb key and that it accesses
also to internet radio
we will also find the part
navigation based on a google system
maps the telephony part but also a
internet browser a real browser
internet that is displayed in
very very big on the screen leaves to
have a big screen as much optimize
space that's what tesla expected in
integrating a function that allows
split the display into two parts so
we will be able, for example, to see
google maps and his music or so his
music and its internet browser
and it's true that ultimately even in the
cutting into two parts we have when
even still enough death passes
to have good visibility in this
dream that I could still touch two
drivers cars bic
there are still some small dots
which disappointed me this is the case for example
of gps navigation so was based on
a google maps system but it goes
exclusively via the 3g connection so
no integrated mapping
it means that if you do not have
connection you do not have guiding and
then there is also the lack of any full
driving aids systems on
a sedan so to turn anyway
on something over 70,000 euros
we can still regret the absence
driving aids system
since for example what makes office
of reverse radar here is a camera
so certainly it's a hd camera but
so she does not even beep beep
approaching a bumper for example
to have the dark it will still be necessary
pay 500 euros that's right
unacceptable there is also no
cameras that will help us stay
in the brief queue techno side there is a
beautiful screen but ultimately not much
more thing and that's it for this shot
on the highest tech car
of the world
finally he misses almost something
it is that it rolls alone yeah but
in fact it would take a mix of google
cars west of tesla it would be there
I buy right now all the more
with all these screens a little all these
settings it's not necessarily easy to
stay really focused on the
conduct
yes that's what makes it anyway to a
moment look at the road if you
want to know more about this summer
that's fine we invite you to
read the full article
big folder on 01net the mag in the
building in the kiosks the chain
techno 01net we find ourselves very quickly
of course hi to all